---
title: So, Here I go!
layout: post
categories: [Typography, Markdown, Tips]
description: "Here I go!"
---

Hi, I am GUIJIN SON a sophomore in Yonsei University and (unsurprisingly) the owner of this blog :) Welcome to Tabula Rasa.
  
Very recently, I had this accidental chance to glance at a study blog, ran by a friend of mine. Just for your information, even before stumbling over that batch of writings, I was already hugely mesmerized by his intellect, which is extraordinary for a man of my age. While going over the posts he have uploaded for the past few years I have come to realize that it is very cool to have a blog of one's own. So, that is why I ended up here. Yes, I know this might be no more than a mere imitation but still I hope that by the end of this year, or probably the next, I would also have the fortune of owning a fancy online space of my own.  

To move on, this blog is about to contain all sorts of random things, since I am a person with a greatly wide interest. Briefly introducing myself, I am working towards a Bachelor of Economics in Yonsei but unlike most of my colleagues my prime interest is in Artificial Intelligence. I have studied Natural Language Processing(NLP) for the past year and now I am trying to broaden my enthusiasm to different fields like Reinforcement Learning(RL) or Graph Neural Networks (GNN). Away from AI I am also interested in investment, and accordingly this blog will be a huge mashup of paper reviews from different domains, introduction to my toy projects and occasionally just my innermost thoughts.   

Lately, I am dabbling into several different projects and the one I am most proud of is KoCLIP[(You can check it out here)](https://jiho-ml.com/weekly-nlp-42/), a Korean port for the OpenAI CLIP, and at the best of my knowledge the very first open-sourced multi-modal AI trained in Korean. While contacting different people for the project, I heuristically found out that I am more suitable to a well educated product manager(PM) instead of an AI researcher, which probably makes more sense  considering my major. Still, however, I am working on different research projects as  a Financial NLP Research Assistant at QRAFT, and I am hoping that I would introduce the results in the near future.

It is my very first time to write English, or anything, in public which worries me that I might look stupid once in a while. This blog, however, is intended to be a diary of some sort where I record my progress over time, so I might be wrong and foolish but believe me, I will learn how to be better. So, Here I go!
